Your average novel is a good 300 pages long, and even so-called short stories are often 20+ pages in length. But, do you really need more than a line to tell a moving story? Advocates of “flash fiction” think that you don’t. Of course, we’re not suggesting that one-line stories can replace novels or short stories, because detail and character development are important. What they do prove, however, is that it is possible to condense a story down to its absolute bare bones and still provoke some kind of emotional response.
To show you what we mean, we have fourteen one-line stories for you. Check them out!
When was the last time you read a book? It's been a while, hasn't it? If not, I envy you for the time you've taken out from your life and invested in the magical world of stories. For others like me, who haven't had a chance to get back to sipping a nice brew with a book in their hands, here's something special.
One-line stories that will stay with you long after you're done reading, and will make you pick up that book. Enjoy. 
Story Theory is a practical model of how the brain works as it executes its mission to help us survive and thrive, providing simple and powerful tools to achieve peace of mind, happiness and any other desired emotional state of well-being. At Story Theory's foundation is the intersection of evolutionary psychology, the dual-system brain hypothesis as postulated by Bargh & Chartrand and others, and recent neuroscience known as simulation theory. 
It describes the system of thinking, feeling and ultimately behavior that the brain evolved in the face of energy scarcity hundreds of thousands of years ago and how this system is a main source of anxiety and unhappiness we feel today in our modern world
It then illuminates the solutions to rejecting the limitations of this system and taking control of our feelings and behavior, resulting in a hugely improved life, both in terms of happiness and success.
Took the driving theory classes here. All through zoom - so convenient! I also took all the mock exams - 3x each (50 tests total) and studied intensively for the last 3 weeks. I still had some errors during the theory exam, but I felt confident and did not have doubts with my answers.
